docs/source/authentication.md, before:

# Authentication

There are two forms of authentication the Discogs API allows: OAuth and
User-token Authentication.

User-token Authentication is great as a simple solution for scripts that just
want to use endpoint that require authentication, or for users who are writing
apps that only represent a single user (e.g., writing a store-front for your
Discogs seller account).

OAuth is useful if you want to create an application where a user uses your app
as a proxy to make requests and change information about their Discogs account.
This includes profile information, collection and wantlist information, and
marketplace changes.

We will cover both forms of authentication below.

## User-token Authentication

This is the simpler one of the two authentication methods. Assuming you have
generated a Discogs User Token in your Discogs developer settings, you can
simply supply it to the `Client` class:

```python
import discogs_client
d = discogs_client.Client('my_user_agent/1.0', user_token='my_user_token')
```

That's it! You are now free to make authenticated requests.

## OAuth Authentication

OAuth is an open protocol commonly used for authorization (and in this case,
authentication as well). For more information on the OAuth specification, please
visit the OAuth website: http://oauth.net/

A Discogs consumer key and consumer secret are required for OAuth, to get those
go to the devolper's section of your user account on https://discogs.com: "Click
user avatar on top right of screen" - "Settings" - "Developers" - "Create an
appplication". Fill out the form, copy consumer key and secret and optionally
add a custom callback url.

1. Importing the client library:
    ```python
    import discogs_client
    ```

2. Instantiating the `Client` class with the consumer key and secret:

    ```python
    d = discogs_client.Client(
        'my_user_agent/1.0',
        consumer_key='my_consumer_key',
        consumer_secret='my_consumer_secret'
    )
    ```

    You can also supply your OAuth token and token secret if you already have
    them saved, as so:

    ```python
    d = discogs_client.Client(
        'my_user_agent/1.0',
        consumer_key='my_consumer_key',
        consumer_secret='my_consumer_secret',
        token=u'my_token',
        secret=u'my_token_secret'
    )
    ```

    Alternativaly the `set_consumer_key()` method can be used on an already
    existing Client object to supply consumer key and secret.

    ```python
    d = discogs_client.Client('my_user_agent/1.0')
    d.set_consumer_key('my_consumer_key', 'my_consumer_secret')
    ```

4. Get authorization URL

    ```python
    d.get_authorize_url()
    ```

    This will return a tuple with the request token, request secret, and **the
    authorization URL that your user needs to visit** to accept your app's request
    to sign in on their behalf.

    If you are writing a web application, you can specify a string argument
    to this method that will be used as the `callback_url`:

    ```
    d.get_authorize_url('https://your.callback.url')
    ```

    If the user clicks on the returned discogs.com oauth url, the request token
    and request secret will be transmitted as the URL parameters to the provided
    callback URL:

    https://your.callback.url?oauth_token=secret_1&oauth_verifier=secret_2

5. Get OAuth access token

    Pass the OAuth verifier that you received after the user authorizes your app
    into this method. This will return a tuple with the access token and access
    token secret that finalizes the OAuth process.

    ```python
    d.get_access_token('verifier-here')
    ```

6. Verify

    We are free to make OAuth-based requests now. A smoke-test to verify
    everything is working is to call the `identity()` method:

    ```python
    me = d.identity()
    ```

    This will return a `User` object if everything is okay.

Commit message:

docs: reworking readme, formatting 80 width everywhere
- remove oauth section from readme, just link there
- all pointers to docs in italics and bold
- tiny fixes, links and pointers in all files (need to be checked in
  rendered version!!!)
- fix text width to 80 chars in all files

docs/source/authentication.md, after:

# Authentication

There are two forms of authentication the Discogs API allows: OAuth and
User-token Authentication.

User-token Authentication is great as a simple solution for scripts that just
want to use endpoint that require authentication, or for users who are writing
apps that only represent a single user (e.g., writing a store-front for your
Discogs seller account).

OAuth is useful if you want to create an application where a user uses your app
as a proxy to make requests and change information about their Discogs account.
This includes profile information, collection and wantlist information, and
marketplace changes.

We will cover both forms of authentication below.

## User-token Authentication

This is the simpler one of the two authentication methods. You need to generate
a token in the developer's section of your Discogs user account settings:

["Click user avatar on top right of screen" - "Settings" - "Developers"](
https://www.discogs.com/settings/developers) - "Generate new token ".

Supply the token to the `Client` class:

```python
import discogs_client
d = discogs_client.Client('my_user_agent/1.0', user_token='my_user_token')
```

That's it! You are now free to make authenticated requests.


## OAuth Authentication

OAuth is an open protocol commonly used for authorization (and in this case,
authentication as well). For more information on the OAuth specification, please
visit the OAuth website: http://oauth.net/

A Discogs consumer key and consumer secret are required for OAuth, to get those
go to the developer's section of your Discogs user account settings:

["Click user avatar on top right of screen" - "Settings" - "Developers"](
https://www.discogs.com/settings/developers) - "Create
an appplication". Fill out the form, copy consumer key and secret and optionally
add a custom callback url.

1. Importing the client library:
    ```python
    import discogs_client
    ```

2. Instantiating the `Client` class with the consumer key and secret:

    ```python
    d = discogs_client.Client(
        'my_user_agent/1.0',
        consumer_key='my_consumer_key',
        consumer_secret='my_consumer_secret'
    )
    ```

    You can also supply your OAuth token and token secret if you already have
    them saved, as so:

    ```python
    d = discogs_client.Client(
        'my_user_agent/1.0',
        consumer_key='my_consumer_key',
        consumer_secret='my_consumer_secret',
        token=u'my_token',
        secret=u'my_token_secret'
    )
    ```

    Alternativaly the `set_consumer_key()` method can be used on an already
    existing Client object to supply consumer key and secret.

    ```python
    d = discogs_client.Client('my_user_agent/1.0')
    d.set_consumer_key('my_consumer_key', 'my_consumer_secret')
    ```

4. Get authorization URL

    ```python
    d.get_authorize_url()
    ```

    This will return a tuple with the request token, request secret, and **the
    authorization URL that your user needs to visit** to accept your app's
    request to sign in on their behalf.

    If you are writing a web application, you can specify a string argument
    to this method that will be used as the `callback_url`:

    ```
    d.get_authorize_url('https://your.callback.url')
    ```

    If the user clicks on the returned discogs.com oauth url, the request token
    and request secret will be transmitted as the URL parameters to the provided
    callback URL:

    https://your.callback.url?oauth_token=secret_1&oauth_verifier=secret_2

5. Get OAuth access token

    Pass the OAuth verifier that you received after the user authorizes your app
    into this method. This will return a tuple with the access token and access
    token secret that finalizes the OAuth process.

    ```python
    d.get_access_token('verifier-here')
    ```

6. Verify

    We are free to make OAuth-based requests now. A smoke-test to verify
    everything is working is to call the `identity()` method:

    ```python
    me = d.identity()
    ```

    This will return a `User` object if everything is okay.

### More information

Find out more details about the authentication methods in the module
documentation: {class}`discogs_client.Client`
