docs/source/fetching_data.md, before:

# Managing Release and Collection data

Note that the examples in this chapter are shown using example Python code with `print` statements to show the results and require an existing [Client object](quickstart.md).

Using the [Python REPL is another way to test and review data](fetching_data_repl.md) and information available using the Discogs API.

Most data about releases can be queried without having to authenticate using your [Client object](quickstart.md).  Other data including search, querying the records in your collection, or fetching album art requires authentication.  See the [Authentication section](https://github.com/joalla/discogs_client/blob/master/docs/source/authentication.md) for more information.

## Release Data

Almost all data available on a Release page on the Discogs website is available using the `python3-discogs-client` library. If you were to run `dir()` on the `release` object, you would see the following list of all objects available to query, where 20017387 is the release ID.   Some common examples are shown below.

```
# Authenticate using your Client object
d = discogs_client.Client(config.agent, user_token=config.my_token)

print(dir(d.release(20017387)))

['__class__', '__delattr__', '__dict__', '__dir__', '__doc__', '__eq__', '__format__', '__ge__', '__getattribute__', '__gt__', '__hash__', '__init__', '__init_subclass__', '__le__', '__lt__', '__module__', '__ne__', '__new__', '__reduce__', '__reduce_ex__', '__repr__', '__setattr__', '__sizeof__', '__str__', '__subclasshook__', '__weakref__', '_known_invalid_keys', 'artists', 'changes', 'client', 'companies', 'country', 'credits', 'data', 'data_quality', 'delete', 'fetch', 'formats', 'genres', 'id', 'images', 'labels', 'marketplace_stats', 'master', 'notes', 'refresh', 'save', 'status', 'styles', 'thumb', 'title', 'tracklist', 'url', 'videos', 'year']
```

### Artists

```
print(d.release(20017387).artists[0].name, type(d.release(1443762).artists))
```
returns a list of Artists associated with the release:

```
Chvrches <class 'list'>
```

This returns a list as some releases have multiple artists:

```
[<Artist 2672269 'Poliça'>, <Artist 4771951 'Stargaze (4)'>] Music For The Long Emergency
```

Data returns a dictionary including the URL to the page for the given release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).data)
```

```
{'id': 20017387, 'resource_url': 'https://api.discogs.com/releases/20017387'}
```

### Formats

Formats returns a list of dictionaries that includes the kind of release, such as CD, Vinyl, and any other special properties of the release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).formats)
```

```
[{'name': 'Vinyl', 'qty': '1', 'text': 'Red Transparent', 'descriptions': ['LP', 'Album']}]
```

### Genres 

Genres returns a list of genres associated with the release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).genres)
```

```
['Electronic', 'Pop']
```

### Images

Images returns a list of all images and its URL associated with the release.  You must be authenticated to get the image URL.  The first image is is the primary image found on the Release page:

```
print(d.release(20017387).images[0])
```

```
{'type': 'primary', 'uri': 'https://img.discogs.com/XbUkIoS6p-yb9U36xSKethiXs0U=/fit-in/600x600/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-20017387-1631064590-2485.jpeg.jpg', 'resource_url': 'https://img.discogs.com/XbUkIoS6p-yb9U36xSKethiXs0U=/fit-in/600x600/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-20017387-1631064590-2485.jpeg.jpg', 'uri150': 'https://img.discogs.com/tbjnf4pVYhNvxNRDqZWrXtkKZcc=/fit-in/150x150/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(40)/discogs-images/R-20017387-1631064590-2485.jpeg.jpg', 'width': 600, 'height': 600}
```

### Tracklist

Tracklist returns a list of tracks and track position on the album associated with the release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).tracklist)
```

```
[<Track 'A1' 'Asking For A Friend'>, <Track 'A2' 'He Said She Said'>, <Track 'A3' 'California'>, <Track 'A4' 'Violent Delights'>, <Track 'A5' 'How Not To Drown '>, <Track 'B1' 'Final Girl'>, <Track 'B2' 'Good Girls'>, <Track 'B3' 'Lullabies'>, <Track 'B4' 'Nightmares'>, <Track 'B5' "Better If You Don't">]
```

```
print(d.release(20017387).tracklist[0].title)
```

```
Asking For A Friend
```

## Collection Data

To access the collection an [authenticated Client object](authentication.md) is required.

Assuming the Client object is called `d`:

```
me=d.identity()
print(me)
```

will return:

```
<User 123456 'discogs_username'>
```

Loop through all the `releases` in the collection:

```
for item in me.collection_folders[0].releases:
    print(item)
```

```
<CollectionItemInstance 731053 'DJ-Kicks'>
<CollectionItemInstance 2230329 'Drumlesson Zwei'>
<CollectionItemInstance 6794957 'The K&D Sessions™'>
...
...
```

- Folder 0 is a special folder containing all the release in the user's collection
- Folders 1 to n are any other collection folders manually created by the user.

Find out more about the available attributes of a `CollectionItemInstance`:

```
print(dir(me.collection_folders[0].releases[123]:
```

```
['__class__', '__delattr__', '__dict__', '__dir__', '__doc__', '__eq__', '__format__', '__ge__', '__getattribute__', '__gt__', '__hash__', '__init__', '__init_subclass__', '__le__', '__lt__', '__module__', '__ne__', '__new__', '__reduce__', '__reduce_ex__', '__repr__', '__setattr__', '__sizeof__', '__str__', '__subclasshook__', '__weakref__', '_known_invalid_keys', 'changes', 'client', 'data', 'date_added', 'delete', 'fetch', 'folder_id', 'id', 'notes', 'rating', 'refresh', 'release', 'save']
```

Get a full `release` object of a collection item:

```
print(me.collection_folders[0].releases[123].release)
```

```
<Release 1692728 'Phylyps Trak II'>
```

Get the `title` of the `release`:

```
print(me.collection_folders[0].releases[123].release.title)
```

```
Phylyps Trak II
```


### Adding a Release to a Collection Folder

```python
me.collection_folders[0].add_release(17392219)
```

_`add_release` also accepts `Release` objects_

### Removing a Release from a Collection Folder

Removing a single release instance identified by it's index:

```
folder = me.collection_folders[0]
releases = folder.releases
# Delete the first instance in releases
folder.remove_release(releases[0])
```

To filter out which instance to remove we could also use the attributes of the `release` object attached to the CollectionItemInstance:

```python
folder = me.collection_folders[0]
for instance in folder.releases:
    if instance.release.title == "Internet Protocol":
        folder.remove_release(instance)
```

_`remove_release` only accepts `CollectionItemInstance` objects_

### Managing Identical Releases

It is possible to own multiple copies of the same release, each with its own information. 
You can create an instance of an individual release in a collection folder.

First, create an instance of the release:

```python
release_instances = me.collection_items(22155985)
for instance in release_instances:
    print(instance) 
```

Once the release instance is created, you can query which collection folder the release 
belongs to.  From there you can perform an action on the release, such as adding notes 
or removing the release from your collection:

```python
folder = me.collection_folders[instance.folder_id]
folder.remove_release(instance)
```

To see a list of all available methods, use the `dir()` function. 

## Using '.fetch' to get other data

There may be some Discogs data that is not included in `discogs-client`.  You can use the 
`.fetch` method to get any data from the Discogs API, including data that may not be included in 
the `discogs-client`.

An [authenticated Client object](authentication.md) is required.  To understand the Discogs API,
see the [Discogs API documentation](https://www.discogs.com/developers/) or use the community
[Postman collection](https://github.com/leopuleo/discogs-postman) to test the API.

An example using the `.fetch` method:

To query the number of ratings and average review for a release:

`print(client.release(1026691).fetch("community")["rating"])`

returns `{'count': 274, 'average': 4.38}`

Commit message:

Update PR with review feedback for collection_items

docs/source/fetching_data.md, after:

# Managing Release and Collection data

Note that the examples in this chapter are shown using example Python code with `print` statements to show the results and require an existing [Client object](quickstart.md).

Using the [Python REPL is another way to test and review data](fetching_data_repl.md) and information available using the Discogs API.

Most data about releases can be queried without having to authenticate using your [Client object](quickstart.md).  Other data including search, querying the records in your collection, or fetching album art requires authentication.  See the [Authentication section](https://github.com/joalla/discogs_client/blob/master/docs/source/authentication.md) for more information.

## Release Data

Almost all data available on a Release page on the Discogs website is available using the `python3-discogs-client` library. If you were to run `dir()` on the `release` object, you would see the following list of all objects available to query, where 20017387 is the release ID.   Some common examples are shown below.

```
# Authenticate using your Client object
d = discogs_client.Client(config.agent, user_token=config.my_token)

print(dir(d.release(20017387)))

['__class__', '__delattr__', '__dict__', '__dir__', '__doc__', '__eq__', '__format__', '__ge__', '__getattribute__', '__gt__', '__hash__', '__init__', '__init_subclass__', '__le__', '__lt__', '__module__', '__ne__', '__new__', '__reduce__', '__reduce_ex__', '__repr__', '__setattr__', '__sizeof__', '__str__', '__subclasshook__', '__weakref__', '_known_invalid_keys', 'artists', 'changes', 'client', 'companies', 'country', 'credits', 'data', 'data_quality', 'delete', 'fetch', 'formats', 'genres', 'id', 'images', 'labels', 'marketplace_stats', 'master', 'notes', 'refresh', 'save', 'status', 'styles', 'thumb', 'title', 'tracklist', 'url', 'videos', 'year']
```

### Artists

```
print(d.release(20017387).artists[0].name, type(d.release(1443762).artists))
```
returns a list of Artists associated with the release:

```
Chvrches <class 'list'>
```

This returns a list as some releases have multiple artists:

```
[<Artist 2672269 'Poliça'>, <Artist 4771951 'Stargaze (4)'>] Music For The Long Emergency
```

Data returns a dictionary including the URL to the page for the given release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).data)
```

```
{'id': 20017387, 'resource_url': 'https://api.discogs.com/releases/20017387'}
```

### Formats

Formats returns a list of dictionaries that includes the kind of release, such as CD, Vinyl, and any other special properties of the release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).formats)
```

```
[{'name': 'Vinyl', 'qty': '1', 'text': 'Red Transparent', 'descriptions': ['LP', 'Album']}]
```

### Genres 

Genres returns a list of genres associated with the release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).genres)
```

```
['Electronic', 'Pop']
```

### Images

Images returns a list of all images and its URL associated with the release.  You must be authenticated to get the image URL.  The first image is is the primary image found on the Release page:

```
print(d.release(20017387).images[0])
```

```
{'type': 'primary', 'uri': 'https://img.discogs.com/XbUkIoS6p-yb9U36xSKethiXs0U=/fit-in/600x600/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-20017387-1631064590-2485.jpeg.jpg', 'resource_url': 'https://img.discogs.com/XbUkIoS6p-yb9U36xSKethiXs0U=/fit-in/600x600/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-20017387-1631064590-2485.jpeg.jpg', 'uri150': 'https://img.discogs.com/tbjnf4pVYhNvxNRDqZWrXtkKZcc=/fit-in/150x150/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(40)/discogs-images/R-20017387-1631064590-2485.jpeg.jpg', 'width': 600, 'height': 600}
```

### Tracklist

Tracklist returns a list of tracks and track position on the album associated with the release:

```
print(d.release(20017387).tracklist)
```

```
[<Track 'A1' 'Asking For A Friend'>, <Track 'A2' 'He Said She Said'>, <Track 'A3' 'California'>, <Track 'A4' 'Violent Delights'>, <Track 'A5' 'How Not To Drown '>, <Track 'B1' 'Final Girl'>, <Track 'B2' 'Good Girls'>, <Track 'B3' 'Lullabies'>, <Track 'B4' 'Nightmares'>, <Track 'B5' "Better If You Don't">]
```

```
print(d.release(20017387).tracklist[0].title)
```

```
Asking For A Friend
```

## Collection Data

To access the collection an [authenticated Client object](authentication.md) is required.

Assuming the Client object is called `d`:

```
me=d.identity()
print(me)
```

will return:

```
<User 123456 'discogs_username'>
```

Loop through all the `releases` in the collection:

```
for item in me.collection_folders[0].releases:
    print(item)
```

```
<CollectionItemInstance 731053 'DJ-Kicks'>
<CollectionItemInstance 2230329 'Drumlesson Zwei'>
<CollectionItemInstance 6794957 'The K&D Sessions™'>
...
...
```

- Folder 0 is a special folder containing all the release in the user's collection
- Folders 1 to n are any other collection folders manually created by the user.

Find out more about the available attributes of a `CollectionItemInstance`:

```
print(dir(me.collection_folders[0].releases[123]:
```

```
['__class__', '__delattr__', '__dict__', '__dir__', '__doc__', '__eq__', '__format__', '__ge__', '__getattribute__', '__gt__', '__hash__', '__init__', '__init_subclass__', '__le__', '__lt__', '__module__', '__ne__', '__new__', '__reduce__', '__reduce_ex__', '__repr__', '__setattr__', '__sizeof__', '__str__', '__subclasshook__', '__weakref__', '_known_invalid_keys', 'changes', 'client', 'data', 'date_added', 'delete', 'fetch', 'folder_id', 'id', 'notes', 'rating', 'refresh', 'release', 'save']
```

Get a full `release` object of a collection item:

```
print(me.collection_folders[0].releases[123].release)
```

```
<Release 1692728 'Phylyps Trak II'>
```

Get the `title` of the `release`:

```
print(me.collection_folders[0].releases[123].release.title)
```

```
Phylyps Trak II
```


### Adding a Release to a Collection Folder

```python
me.collection_folders[0].add_release(17392219)
```

_`add_release` also accepts `Release` objects_

### Removing a Release from a Collection Folder

Removing a single release instance identified by it's index:

```
folder = me.collection_folders[0]
releases = folder.releases
# Delete the first instance in releases
folder.remove_release(releases[0])
```

To filter out which instance to remove we could also use the attributes of the `release` object attached to the CollectionItemInstance:

```python
folder = me.collection_folders[0]
for instance in folder.releases:
    if instance.release.title == "Internet Protocol":
        folder.remove_release(instance)
```

_`remove_release` only accepts `CollectionItemInstance` objects_

### Managing Releases in multiple Collection Folders

It is possible that you have multiple instances of the same release inside one or more 
collection folders. If you want to update or remove all of those instances, you can fetch 
all instances of that release across all collection folders by `release_id` or Release object.

First, create an instance of the release:

```python
release_instances = me.collection_items(22155985)
for instance in release_instances:
    print(instance) 
```

This method returns a list of `CollectionItemInstance` objects.

*Note: To remove an instance from the collection folder it belongs to, you need to fetch the 
correct folder (using `instance.folder_id`) to remove it. See the section 
"Removing a Release from a Collection Folder"*.

## Using '.fetch' to get other data

There may be some Discogs data that is not included in `discogs-client`.  You can use the 
`.fetch` method to get any data from the Discogs API, including data that may not be included in 
the `discogs-client`.

An [authenticated Client object](authentication.md) is required.  To understand the Discogs API,
see the [Discogs API documentation](https://www.discogs.com/developers/) or use the community
[Postman collection](https://github.com/leopuleo/discogs-postman) to test the API.

An example using the `.fetch` method:

To query the number of ratings and average review for a release:

`print(client.release(1026691).fetch("community")["rating"])`

returns `{'count': 274, 'average': 4.38}`
