docs/source/writing_docs.md, before:

# Writing and Updating Documentation

You can help keep the documentation up to date by submitting pull requests to the ```python3-discogs-client``` library on Github. For more information on this process, please [read Github's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) on forking and creating pull requests.

## Fork and Clone the Repository

The first step is to fork the repository.  In the upper right hand corner of Github, click the ```Fork``` button.  This will create a copy of the repository in your account.

The second step is to clone the ```python3-discogs-client``` library to your computer.  From the ```python3-discogs-client``` fork you just created, press the ```Code``` button and copy the ```git``` URL and clone it in your code editor of choice. or use the terminal:

```
git clone <git url>
```

Create a new branch in git and start editing the documentation:

```
git checkout -b my_docs_changes_branch
```

## Edit Files

Documentation files are in the ```docs/source``` directory.  You can edit the files in this directory to add or update content.  

Almost all documentation is written using the Markdown format.  The exception is the ```index.rst``` page, which is written in reStructuredText format.  If you are adding a new page or pages, please add them to the menu structure in reStructuredText format in the ```index.rst``` page.

## Build the Documentation

After your changes are complete, you can build the documentation by running the ```make html``` command.  This will build the documentation in the ```docs/build/html``` directory.  

Please note that as of this writing, Python 3.10 will not work.  Please use Python 3.9 when building the documentation.

Check the command line input to make sure no errors occurred.  If there is an error, fix it, and re-run the command.

Open the pages you have edited in your web browser to review the changes.  After you are satisfied with the changes, commit the changes to your local repository.  

## Create a Pull Request

To create a pull request, please [read Github's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) on forking and creating pull requests.

Commit message:

Extend "Writing and Updating Doc.." page
- Add Prerequisistes chapter (Sphinx install).
- Extend '3.10 build not working' info.
- Remove intro text (feels redundant when reading through whole
  docs / coming from contribution.md).
- Fixes in 'Fork and Clone the Repo..' chapter.
- Fix link to "Writing doc.." in contribution.md intro text.

docs/source/writing_docs.md, after:

# Writing and Updating Documentation

## Fork and Clone the Repository

The first step is to fork the repository.  In the upper right hand corner of Github, click the ```Fork``` button.  This will create a copy of the repository in your account.

The second step is to clone the ```python3-discogs-client``` library to your computer.  From the ```python3-discogs-client``` fork you just created, press the ```Code``` button, copy the ```git``` URL and clone it in your code editor of choice, or use the terminal:

```
git clone <git url>
```

## Install Prerequisites

Install Sphinx

```
pip install -r sphinx_requirements.txt
```

Install python3-discogs-client itself into your (virtual) development environment. This is required by Sphinx autodoc:

```
python setup.py develop
```

## Edit Files

Create a new branch in git and start editing the documentation:

```
git checkout -b my_docs_changes_branch
```

Documentation files are in the ```docs/source``` directory. You can edit the files in this directory to add or update content.

Almost all documentation is written using the Markdown format.  The exception is the ```index.rst``` page, which is written in reStructuredText format.  If you are adding a new page or pages, please add them to the menu structure in reStructuredText format in the ```index.rst``` page.

## Build the Documentation

After your changes are complete, you can build the documentation by running the ```make html``` command.  This will build the documentation in the ```docs/build/html``` directory.  


Please note that as of this writing, Python 3.10 will not work.  Please use Python Python >=3.6 and <=3.9 when building the documentation.

Check the command line input to make sure no errors occurred.  If there is an error, fix it, and re-run the command.

Open the pages you have edited in your web browser to review the changes.  After you are satisfied with the changes, commit the changes to your local repository.  

## Create a Pull Request

To create a pull request, please [read Github's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) on forking and creating pull requests.
